feat: integrate Gateway API Inference Extension for unified inference routing (#73)
kaito-project/airunway: docs/architecture.md

4. **Swappable frontends** — The bundled React UI, the Headlamp plugin, or any custom UI can all drive the same backend API simultaneously. No code changes needed.
5. **Auth is delegated** — Authentication uses Kubernetes `TokenReview`; the frontend simply passes a bearer token. Any UI that can obtain a K8s token works.

## Gateway API Integration

> KubeAIRunway optionally integrates with the [Gateway API Inference Extension](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-3567/) to provide a unified inference gateway. When Gateway API CRDs are detected in the cluster, the controller automatically creates an **InferencePool** and **HTTPRoute** for each `ModelDeployment`, allowing all models to be called through a single Gateway endpoint using body-based routing on the `model` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeAIRunway optionally integrates with the [Gateway API Inference Extension](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-3567/) to provide a unified inference gateway. When Gateway API Custom Resources are detected in the cluster, the controller automatically creates an **InferencePool** and **HTTPRoute** for each `ModelDeployment`, allowing all models to be called through a single Gateway endpoint using body-based routing on the `model` field.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion — thanks!

> KubeAIRunway optionally integrates with the [Gateway API Inference Extension](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-3567/) to provide a unified inference gateway. When Gateway API CRDs are detected in the cluster, the controller automatically creates an **InferencePool** and **HTTPRoute** for each `ModelDeployment`, allowing all models to be called through a single Gateway endpoint using body-based routing on the `model` field.

Author: Yes — the controller auto-creates a full EPP stack per ModelDeployment (Deployment, Service, ServiceAccount, Role, RoleBinding, ConfigMap). Updated the text to mention EPP alongside InferencePool and HTTPRoute.
